in the world of Zootopia humans never
happened which makes utopia a modern
civilized world that is entirely animal
that is an animal animals in Zootopia
are anthropomorphic that is just a big
fancy word that means they walk around
on two feet they do not go to work nude
thank you almost that's okay there are
mammals from all over the globe in
Zootopia large and small fast and slow
but the truth is Zootopia isn't perfect
and just like our world not everyone
gets along especially natural enemies
which can create some issues but nature
always gives animals special skills to
survive and while one may have amazing
night vision another may have incredible
hearing and an air-powered
elephant tranquilizer so now you know
Zootopia like nothing you've seen bee
fur
[Music]